docs: added popover page (#845)
pluralsight/tva: website/docs/design/components/popover.md

---
tags: [design, tooltip, dialog, modal, overlay]
title: Popover
---

## Description

An non-modal overlay with brief, additional content.

## Anatomy/Structure

1. Container
2. Title
3. Content
4. Close button
5. Arrow

## Usage

- Popovers should be used to display additional details or information about an element on a page.
- Popovers should be used sparingly, and only with non-essential information to help users that are not familiar with the user interface.
- Allowed Popover triggers include text and icons such as info-circle.
- Associated with a trigger, Popovers do not prevent other actions on the page by the user.
- Width and height of the Popover container can change according to its contents. It is recommended to keep width below 4 columns wide.

> - Popover arrows can be placed in 9 different locations around the edge of the Popover container.

Reviewer: My count is 3 positions per side (4) = 12

```suggestion
- Popover arrows can be placed in 12 different locations around the edge of the Popover container.
```

Author: Ha, I'm adopting my 3 year old's math skills! TY

- The arrow should always point to the trigger element.
- A title/heading should be supplied with the Popover, even if it is not displayed visually.

## Behavior

- The Popover can be closed by:
  - Interacting with the close icon button
  - Interacting with the trigger element
  - Using the `Esc` key on the keyboard

>   - Opening another Popover, Modal, or Dialog

Reviewer: I think there should be 1 more, but I'm not sure.  We haven't added this (yet), so we're all set if we're not adding it.
- Interacting outside of the popover

Author: @Rykus0 This would go against some of the other guidelines I've written, so let me know if it changes.

Reviewer: @bradryanbice Ok, no worries, it was my misunderstanding - I was confusing it with the menu.

- Popovers can only be displayed one at a time.
- Popovers stay open until a user closes them or opens another dialog, even if the user scrolls them out of view.
- A Popover should always be displayed inside of the viewport, and placement should be adjusted accordingly if needed.

:::note

Popovers capture focus, and maintain this capture until closed.

:::

## Dos and don'ts

- Do not use Popovers to contain actionable buttons such as confirmations. Use Confirm Dialog for this.
- Do not overload Popovers with content. If content exceeds 4 columns, use a Modal.

## Content Guidance

### Microcopy

- Popover headings should use sentence casing.

> - Ensure all popover content uses proper capitalization and punctuation, and should be written as a complete sentence.

Reviewer: Maybe nit picky or personal preference, but I feel this fits better.  Take it or leave it 😄 

```suggestion
- Ensure all popover content uses proper capitalization and punctuation, and should be written as complete sentences.
```

Author: I left this as "a sentence" to help push a smaller content suggestion. Though, perhaps that can be expressed elsewhere. I think I like yours better overall.
